We are going to take `` a closer look '' at the great Wind Cave in South Dakota .
No easy matter .
We know caving is a popular pasttime for some Americans , a horrifying thought for others , especially anyone prone to claustrophobia .
We asked Judy Muller if she would like to do the story of a fascinating man .
She took a deep breath and said , okay .
This wild landscape in South Dakota may evoke images of the frontier West , but the real frontier is far beneath .
Elevation plus 11 .
The real pioneers are men like John Sheltons who explore underground caves .
The most fascinating is the maze known as Wind Cave .
When you find one where no one has been there , you are the first person , the adrenaline is phenomenal .
He first came here as a tourist 30 years ago .
He offered to map it for the Park Service .
I thought would take a week or two .
It 's now 30 years down the road .
I 'm no closer to completing the agreement .
The cave is seemingly endless .
3 miles of the cave have been surveyed , every inch logged by hand , then fed into a computer which plots every nook and cranny .
We 're only representing about 5 % of the known volume that could possibly be here .
95 % of the cave is unmapped ?
Yes .
The first recorded discovery of the cave was in 1881 .
A cowboy hunting in the area heard the sound of rushing wind .
He followed it to this narrow opening .
The wind was so strong , or so the story goes , that it blew his hat off his head .
Since then , many visitors have been drawn into this world of crystals , fossils and calcite formations known as forecast work and popcorn and rarest of all , fox work .
Each new discovery means heading down another tight , dark hall .
Your stomach is against the floor and your back is against the wall .
As we crawled along , we found an item left by earlier explorers .
A 103 - year - old newspaper .
The ultimate payoff is when they find a new chamber .
The knowledge that our lights are the first to light it up , our footprints were the first , our eyes were first first to see it .
He calls it addictive .
You get withdrawal .
I want to find more , something bigger or deeper .
He no longer expects to see the end of the cave in his lifetime .
That , he says , is just fine with him .
Judy Muller , ABC News , Wind Cave National Park .
Some camera team as well .