And good evening to you .
There is still no clear winner in the election that was now two nights ago .
A recount under way in Florida , and it may not end there .
Here is the status of the recount as of this hour .
The two candidates separated by only 225 votes , with 65 out of 67 counties reporting .
It has narrowed dramatically all day long .
Today the Gore campaign seemed to say the case belongs in Florida state courts .
The Bush campaign chided right back that the other side wants to keep voting until they like the and increasingly across the nation you can hear it and feel it .
The split now palpable .
There 's and among partisan , anger .
Americans remain glued to their television sets , but no answer is coming out and even Cuba remarked tonight in an official statement that it sure is taking America a long time to pake pick a .
Odd pairings tonight at the White House when all the nation 's living presidents except Reagan were together at the White House celebrating the 200th anniversary of the grand house .
There was George W. Bush 's dad alongside the President tonight for a photo op .
We have correspondents tonight .
First to the Florida capital and legal correspondent Dan Abrams in Tallahassee .
Brian , this was supposed to be the day when we were going to have a final decision , we were going to know what is the result of the recount in Florida .
Not to be the case .
The official results showing only 53 of the 67 counties have issued their recount results and provided them to the state government here .
On the other hand , as you reported just a moment ago , the Associated Press reporting that 65 of the 67 counties have reported .
The problem is the numbers are so very different .
On the one hand you have the Associated Press saying 225 - vote difference after 65 counties .
You have the officials here saying after 53 counties , exactly the same number difference that it was when the recount began , 1,784 , and if you watch the way these numbers have been coming in , the Associated Press numbers have constantly made it closer and closer , Gore gaining ground on Bush with almost every county 's result .
On the other hand , the official numbers that have been coming in keep seesawing .
Bush gets a few more , Gore gets a few more and we 're gack back to even again , according to state officials .
So when we get the two remaining counties will that be the best number going ?
I do n't know if to be the best number .
I just ca n't believe these numbers are going to end up matching at the end .
MSNBC
Because as A.P. has continued with its numbers the progression has been consistent .
Every time they gave you a set of count ids counties that have been vaulted evaluated , Gore was getting closer and closer .
On the other hand , with every group of counties reporting officially it remained about even .
So in the end , Brian , I think official the official numbers will be the numbers that apply but we 'll have to wait and see when all 67 are counted by both .
Thank you for that .
And there are still several thousand absentee votes .