This week a court in New York began selecting the jury for the trial of 4 men charged with killing the 12 Americans who died in the bombings of the United States ' embassies in Kenya and Tanzania two years ago .
Two hundred twenty four people died in the simultaneous attacks , more than 200 of them Kenyans .
For the survivors , many of them severely injured , the year since the bombings have been hard .
The BBC 's Cathy Drinkins in Nairobi met up with some of those trying to rebuild their lives from the ruins of the Kenya embassy blast .
I heard a loud sound here and then we tried to look the window .
I later realized that I was down .
I could n't remember what happened thereafter and I found myself in the hospital .
Beatrice Ketch was 23 when the bomb ripped out the windows of the office where she worked opposite the embassy .
Beatrice is lucky in that she has been able to return to a job as a secretary , but she is still having treatment for scars on her legs and arms and face .
I feel very bad because I want to have the very face I used to have before , yeah .
I want to look beautiful .
This scar alone makes me not look beautiful .
Yeah , but you can hardly see it .
It is just under your chin .
Yeah , it 's under my chin , but I do n't feel but there is also one on my hand here .
Most people ask me what was wrong .
Some people think maybe we were fighting with someone so I have to explain to them that this one was as a result of the bomb blast .
Another victim , 36 - year - old Simon Macharia has had the unenviable task of trying to explain to policemen that he has n't fallen asleep drunk on a pavement , but has simply been confused .
Since the bombing he has had psychological problems and has found himself locked in a police cell on three occasions after being picked up .
Simon lived in one of Nairobi 's sprawling slums and he has had to give up his job delivering milk because of a hand injury sustained in the blast .
Life for him , his wife and his 6 children has been very difficult .
My wife , she does n't just understand me because one thing she does n't know what 's going on .
I just feel a lot of fury and a lot of anger in me .
My money got finished and then my child comes , who needs a book , needs this .
I do n't have .
Their mother is not able to do that .
It 's been hard to cope with this situation .
Simon and Beatrice are among some 3000 Kenyans who have filed for compensation in the United States with the help of American lawyers .
The legal rendings over the claims will begin soon , but according to Solomon Ombobia of the Bomb Blast Legal Rights Project in Nairobi , the money is needed now .
We have seen people suffering .
We even go to an extent of helping them even to get their bus fare .
It has taken too long .
Some people even come for assistance to even get money so that they can reach to hospitals , so it has taken too long .
After two and half years , the trial is now getting underway in the United States , of four of the men accused of being behind the bombings .
Beatrice Ketch wants justice to be done .
What I feel is those people , they have to be punished severely because so many lives were lost at that time .
Most people were injured .
So me , what I want is that they should be punished .
But the man the United States believes masterminded the attacks , Osama Bin Laden is still at large .
The US government has offered a 5 million dollar reward for information which would lead to his arrest and of other suspects .
For the bombing victims , justice and compensation could still be a long way off .
That 's the BBC 's Cathy Jenkins in Nairobi .