At 9:30 in the morning of the twenty - second , the second session of the trial into the State Affairs Fund Case got underway .
Wu Shu - chen submitted an application to the court for absence due to illness and was granted permission not to appear in court .
The other three accused , Ma Yong - cheng , Lin Te - hsun and Chen cheng - hwei arrived in succession at the court to undergo interrogation .
During the trial , the defense lawyer continued to employ disruptive tactics by constantly bringing up issues of so - called unconstitutionality and asking that the trial into the case be halted .
But the judge still ruled that the case should continue to be heard .
Throughout the court room deliberations , the prosecution and defense maintained , tit for tat , an intense debate , but from start to finish they failed to touch on issues of substance .
As soon as the court was in session on the twenty - second , the defense lawyer brought up the issue of so - called unconstitutionality and asked that the court halt the hearing of the case .
The judge cited related statute in making a prompt determination and ruled the trial should continue .
Under the provisions of the island 's criminal procedure law , the judge 's ruling is the final decision and must be complied with .
Lawyers can not reintroduce an appeal .
But the defense lawyer still continued to harp incessantly to the judge on this issue , demanding that the presiding judge issue a written report and constantly raising protest on the basis of so - called unconstitutionality .
Finally , he was repeatedly checked by the presiding judge , who sternly demanded that the lawyer sit down and refrain from raising the issue of so - called unconstitutionality again .
During the trial , the prosecution also produced more than ten bags of invoices as original supporting evidence found in Chen Shui - bian 's office and inquired the accused .
Because some of the files were confidential , not all of them were publicly disclosed .
For this , the defense lawyer expressed his extreme dissatisfaction after the session had ended .